# JDDA-Master
Joint Domain Alignment and Discriminative Feature Learning for Unsupervised Deep Domain Adaptation
* This repository contains code for our paper **Joint Domain Alignment and Discriminative Feature Learning for Unsupervised Deep Domain Adaptation** [Download Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.09347)

# Movition of our proposal
* the most recent work only devote to mitigating the domain shift by domain alignment. However, all the domain alignment approaches can only reduce, but not remove, the domain discrepancy. Therefore, the target samples distributed near the edge of the clusters, or far from
their corresponding class centers are most likely to be misclassified by the hyperplane learned from the source domain. To alleviate this issue, a practical way is to enforce the target samples with better intra-class compactness. In this way, the number of samples that are far from the high density region and easily to be misclassified will be greatly reduced. Similarly, another feasible measure is to eliminate the harmful effects of the domain mismatch in the aligned feature space by enlarging the difference across different categories. However, under the unsupervised domain adaptation setting, it is quite difficult and inaccurate to obtain the category or cluster
information of the target samples. Therefore, to enforce the target samples with better intra-class compactness and interclass separability directly is somehow a hard work. Fortunately, recall that the source domain and target domain are highly-related and have similar distributions in the shared feature space. In this respect, it is reasonable to make the source features in the aligned feature space more discriminative, such that the target features maximally aligned with the source domain will become discriminative automatically.

